Q-1 What are the major sources of Big Data? Describe a source of each type .
Answer:
 (a) Structured Data:Transactional data is generated from various business operations, 
    such as sales transactions,online purchases, financial transactions, and inventory records.
    normally this types of data is saved in relational database.

(b) unstructured data: million billion data is being generated  by social media where
    user posting , commenting, sharing picture , video etc. social media one kind of 
    sources of unstructured data.

(c) Semi-structured Data: this types of data comes from devices , sensor, IOT technologies

    above mention data is base of big data technology. apart form , data is categorized based
    on their nature  Time Series Data,Geospatial Data, Textual Data,Multimedia Data,Web Data  


Q-2 What are the three major types of Big Data applications? Describe two applications of each type.
Answer :
(a) Monitoring and Tracking Applications
(b) Analysis and Insight Applications
(c) New Product Development

Monitoring and Tracking Applications:these are the initial basic application of Big data which help to grow
up business and decision making.several apllications avail under this criteria like- Public Health Monitoring
,Consumer Sentiment Monitoring,Asset Tracking,Supply Chain Monitoring,Electricity Consumption Tracking and
so on.

Analysis and Insight Applications:These are next level of Big Data applications. They can increase the effectiveness of 
business and have transformative potential. Predictive Policing,Winning Political Elections are very popular application 
under this category.

Q-3 Would it be ethical to arrest someone based on a Big Data Model’s prediction of 
that person likely to commit a crime?

Answer: definitely not. based on guessing and prediction, nobody should be identified as a criminal and
be punished. it will be unethical.

Q-4 An auto insurance company learned about the movements of a person based on 
the GPS installed in the vehicle. Would it be ethical to use that as a surveillance 
tool?

Answer: From my point of view, it is ethical as insurance company will provide 
financial assistance for car problem or if any accident happen. so, they have right 
to monitor car movement. on other hand, we have choice to get that insurace, if you
feel that it is unethical, you can avoid that insurance.

  


    
