Q-1 Describe the Big Data processing architecture.

Answer:
Big Data processing architecture is consist with certain layers and some 
cutting-edge data processing technologies.
(a)Big Data sources layer: this layer indicates actually from where data is being generated and collected.
(b)Data Ingest layer: In this layer, data is acquired or receved from data source. here data can be collected
   with several amount with different speed. then data is send to stream processing , Batch processing, or 
   distributed file system.
(c)Batch Processing layer: this layer receive data from data ingestion layer or file system or
   different No-Sql database.after that, by applying parallel data processing technique like
   MapReduce, data is processed and produce result.
(d)Stream Processing layer: this layer also same as Batch Processing layer. receive data from ingestion
   layer but received data should be continious generated data which is processed in real-time and produces
   result.
(e)Data Organizing Layer: In this layer , Data come from Stream and Batch processing layer.
   the main purpose of this layer is organizing data for easy accessing.
  
Apart from, above mentioned five layer , Infrastructure Layer, Distributed File System Layer, and 
Data Consumption layer most important part of Big Data processing architecture.

Q-2 What are Google’s contributions to Big data processing?

 Answer:Google contributes a lot for big data analysis and processing
 (a) Big Data architecture is the initial invention of the Google
 (b) Goggle developed web crawling agents which would follow all the links in the web and make a copy of 
     all the content on all the webpages it visited.
 (c) Google invented Query Serving infrastructure
 (d) Google develop MapReduce framework for parallel and distributed data processing where vast amount
     of data is processed by thousands of computers in parallel.

Q-3 What are some of the hottest technologies visible in Big Data processing?

Answer: the hottest technologies visible in Big Data processing:
 (a) Apache Hadoop
 (b) Apache Spark
 (c) Apache Kafka
 (d) Apache Flink
 (e) Apache Cassandra
 (f) Apache Druid
 (g) Apache Beam
 (h) GPU Computing: Graphics Processing Units (GPUs)
   are increasingly being used in Big Data processing
   for their parallel processing capabilities
 (i) Cloud providers, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS),
     Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and Microsoft Azure, 
    offer a range of managed Big Data services.