Q-1 What is Big Data? Why should anyone care?

Big Data: Big data mean data with large volumn which can not be analyzed or processed
by using traditional way.  step by step procedures such as data collection, preperation,
cleaining, store, applying mining technique to figure out pattern etc need to be followed
to process and analyze large amount of data. the vast amount of data(Big data) with diferent
types like - structured, unstructured, semi-structured emits from numerous data sources such as
online transaction, social media(Facebook, Twitter) and sensor.

Why should anyone care about Big data: Analyzing big data is important for extracting new pattern
and discovering hidden knowledge.this hidden pattern and knowledge assists to make proper decision
based on situation in terms of Business analysis, helps to identify emerging trends and innovation.
Moreover,it enables predictive analytics and play vital role for Scientific and societal advancements.

Q-2 Describe the 4V model of Big Data

4V model indicates actually 4 major key or dimensions of Big data such as Volume, Velocity, Variety
and Veracity.in big data aspect, 1st V indicates Volume which defines vast amount of data  is 
generated from different sources. traditional data analysis technologies can not efficiently manage ,
store or process this large volume of data. Big data analytical infrastructures like distributed data 
storing technique,distributed programing and parallel processing which play significant role to analysis
this massive amount of data. 2nd V means Velocity. Now a days , data is being originated very high speedly
and transmitted real-time or near real-time over the internet with high speed connection. Big data technology
capable to process and anaysis streaming data in real time. 3rd V means Variety that refers the diversity 
of data. data might be structured, unstructured, semi structured based on different data sources.
4th V defines Veracity that actually indecate data accuracy, correctness and data consistance.

Q-3 What are the major technological challenges in managing Big Data?

(a) Storing Huge amount of data 
(b) Ingesting Streams at an Extremely Fast Pace which associated with Velocity
(c) diffcult to manage different types and form of data which related with varieties.
(d) data shifting from storage to processor with high speed is another major challenge
    of Bid data handling

Q-4 What are the technologies available to manage Big Data?
Various technologies available to manage Big Data
(a)Distributed File Systems: Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS)is designed to
    store and manage large volumes of data across a cluster of commodity hardware
(b)number of  NoSQL Databases are designed to store and manage big data such
   as Apache Cassandra, MongoDB, and Apache HBase
(c)Data Warehousing:To Store and analysis structured and semi structured data,
  there are some data warehouse technology such as Apache Hive, Amazon Redshift,
  and Google BigQuery which provide SQL- like query.
(d)Some Cutting-edge stream processing technologies like Apache Kafka, Apache Flink,
    and Apache Storm are designed for real-time Data analysis and processing.
(c) Apache NiFi, Informatica Big Data Edition, and Talend are popular tools for data
    extracting, transforming and loading.

Q-5 What kind of analyses can be done on Big Data?
 Big Data can be utilized to visualize a flowing or a static situation. but some 
 specific analysis can be performed on big data
  (a) Descriptive Analytics
  (b) Diagnostic Analytics
  (c) Predictive Analytics
  (d) Prescriptive Analytics
  (e) Text Analytics


 
  

