Q-1 What is MapReduce? What are its benefits?
Answer: MapReduce is a framework for parallel processing with minimal movement of data and nearrealtime 
results.
Benefits:
(a) Store data redundantly on multiple nodes which resolve the issue of accessing data whenever node failure happen.
(b) Move computation to data which is new paradiam of distributed programming
(c) Provide simple programming model to hide the underlying complexity

Q-2 What is the key-value pair format? How is it different from other data structures? 
What are its benefits and limitations?

MapReduce have the following general form:
map: (K1, V1)---> list (K2, V2) 
reduce: (K2, list(V2)) ----> list (K2, V3) 
The input type of map <key,value> pair is fully different from it's produced output type <key,value> pair.
but the rule is reducer input <key,value> type must be same with mapper output <key,value> type. but final
reducer output <key,value> type can be different from mapper and reducer input <key,value> pair.

Different from other data structure: mapreduce key value format can represent structured and unstructured with large amount 
data. on otherhand,it is little bit diffcult for other data structure to handle unstructured data. MapReduce key value format
provide facilities to distributes and partitions data in cluster among different machines. on contrast, other data structure
does not play any role for data distribution.

Q-3 What is a Job tracker program? How does it differ from the task tracker program?

Job tracker: Job tracker is a central component of MapReduce program which plays role to manage MapReduce jobs
in whole over the cluster machines.
Job tracker differes from task tracker based on both tracker's location and resposiblities :
(a) Job tracker is a master program which located in NameNode while Task tracker is the program of Datanode
(b) Job tracker monitors the execution and progress of MapReduce job in NameNode. Job tracker actually assign and schedule
    MapReduce taske on data that is contained by datanode. on other hand, as we know, Task tracker is the 
    program of each and every individual data node. task tracker in data node executes  individual tasks assigned to 
    it by the JobTracker. it sends message to job tracker about the completion of MapReduce Job.

Q-4 What are Hive and Pig? How are they different?
    Hive: Hive is a infrastructure of data warehouse which was built on top of Hadoop. it gives opportunity
    user to write query similar to SQL. it provides a query language named HiveQL. it helps data analist to 
    analyze and process stored data in HDFS.
    Pig : On contrast, Pig is scripting query language that is developed for data processing. for data trans-
    formations, an language has been designed which name is Pig Latin. it offers a more expressive and flexible way 
    of defining data processing tasks compared to raw MapReduce.

    Differece between Hive and Pig:
    (a)Hive is query based language while Pig is scripting language 
    (b)Hive is more user friendly and easy to learn who knows SQL. but User need 
    give some effort to learn Pig as it has own language structure
    (c) Hive is designed for structured data processing and representation way is
        tabular form. on otherhand, Pig is has capability to process structured and semi-structured
        data. 
    
    

 