Q1.  What is social network analysis? How is it different from other data mining techniques such as clustering or decision trees?

Social network analysis is a powerful method of analyzing relationships among entities to identify strong patterns. 
There could be sub-networks in a network based on strong ties within the network. 
SNA is different from clustering and decision trees in several ways: 

(a)The goal of SNA is to analysis association between individuals and entities in Social media. while clustering and decision 
   trees analyze characteristics of objects or entities
(b)"Graph node with directed link" is suitable for SNA. on the otherhand,rectangular data of variable and instaces is used for 
    clustering and decision trees.
(c) Network metrixs and algorithms are applied to figure out relationships like centrality, community detection in term of SNA. 
   on the contrast, K-means clustering algorithm is popular for clustering and Decision tree take decision based on similarities 
   of objects and entity.


Q2. How can SNA help with improving gross national happiness of any country or society?

social bonding or relationship pattern among indivials , family members and community can be indentified by using SNA.
this social network pattern provide assistence to policy maker to design of interventions or programs that make strong
social ties , improve social cohesion and overall well-being. moreover, by applying SNA technique , community structures 
can be built within schools, religious institutions and other organizations. by analyzing this community structures, 
Authority provides facility to residents to improve qualities of life. it also assists to find out the individuals or 
groups who are most influential within a community.


Q3. What kind of pitfalls should one guard against in doing SNA?
There are some drawback of SNA which should be kept in mind , while researcher apply SNA.
    (a) Should not emphasize network matrix as it is just an aspect of Network analysis. it is significant to consider
        the context of network and relationship that underline it.
    (b) sensative information and behaviours can be collected by using SNA which might be the reason of ethical concern.
        So, it is better to take consent from participants.
    (c) Structural Analysis is more emphasized in SNA rather than Process analysis which limits usefulness of SNA 
        in understanding social phenomena. So, When SNA is used, both Analysis should be equally focused.

Q4. Data preparation takes more than 2/3 of the total time of an analytics project. Would that be true for SNA also? 

Data preparation is a critical step of data mining. the amount of time is required for data preparation , it depend on
the structure and quality of data . because data is coming from diferent sources with different types. from my opinion,
it is also true for SNA that data preparation  time will be 2/3 of the total time of an analytics. the step of data preparation  
involves for SNA  defining network boundaries , proper nodes and edges selection, and defing relationship types.
        





    