Q1: What are the three types of web mining?

Web mining  is the  process of discovering intrinsic relationships  from Web data like textual, linkage, or usage
There are three types of web mining 
(a)Web Content Mining : Every page can have text, graphics, audio, video, forms, applications, and more kinds of content including user
   generated content. Mining is done from the  textual content on the Web in terms of Web Content Mining.

(b)Web Structure Mining :The structure of Web pages could also be analyzed to examine the pattern of hyperlinks among 
  pages. There are two basic strategic models for successful websites: Hubs and Authorities.

(c)Web Usage Mining:  web usage mining is the way to extract useful information and patterns from data generated through
   Web page visits and transactions.


Q2: What is clickstream analysis?

 Analyzing the activity and descovering pattern of a web site, based on sequence of click,the location and duration
 of visiting the paged  are made by users.Clickstream analysis can be useful for web activity analysis, software 
 testing, market research, and analyzing employee productivity.

Q3:  What are the two major ways that a website can become popular?
  (a) Search Engine Optimization (SEO): Ranking the web page for search engine which enhence the popularity of a web page
  (b) by promoting a web page through the Social media which increase the familiarity of web pages. this way is alson known 
      as Social Media Marketing 

Q4: What are the privacy issues in web mining?
    By applying web mining techniques, information can be gethered from web page which results some security issues.
    for instances - 
    (a) Personal information can be revealed to public.
    (b) User activity can be traced and tracked by web mining where user may think it as interference  his/her 
        self-freedom.
    (c) user information can be gethered which might go to wrong hand. this can leads the security and privacy issue
       for users.
    
     


